Document the UniFi Protect API-key-only connection mode (#46824)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/unifiprotect.markdown

Currently, creating an API key requires you to be logged in as an administrator.
{% endtip %}

### API key only

If you want to set up the {% term integration %} without creating a local user, you only need an API key.

1. Log in to your _Local Portal_ on your UniFi OS device with an administrator account.
2. Go to **Settings** > **Control Plane** > **Integrations** or go to [IP address]/network/default/integrations/ (for example _192.168.1.1/network/default/integrations/_).

> 3. Enter a new name for the API key, like "Home Assistant".

Reviewer: Copilot has a point here but you would need to change it in all the procedures in this page.

> 3. Enter a new name for the API key, like "Home Assistant".

Author: Done, all three occurrences on the page now use inline code with the scheme.

{% include integrations/config_flow.md %}

## Reconfiguration

You can switch between **full access** and **API key only** at any time without removing and re-adding the {% term integration %}:

1. Go to {% my integrations title="**Settings** > **Devices & services**" %}.

> 2. On the **UniFi Protect** {% term integration %}, select the three-dot menu and choose **Reconfigure**.

Reviewer: Add icon:
```suggestion
2. On the **UniFi Protect** {% term integration %}, select the three dots {% icon "mdi:dots-vertical" %} menu and choose **Reconfigure**.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.

3. Choose the connection mode you want to switch to and follow the steps on screen.

{% note %}

> If you switch from full access to API key only, the entities that are no longer supported become unavailable. They become available again if you switch back to full access. See [Connection modes](#connection-modes) for which entities are supported in each mode.

Reviewer: To improve clarity:
```suggestion
If you switch from full access to API key only, the entities that are no longer supported become unavailable. They become available again if you switch back to full access. See [Connection modes](#connection-modes) to check which entity domains are supported in each mode.
```

Author: Applied, thanks.
